##### *remember to retype in google docs using size 12 times new roman*
#assessment 
#School
[[Persuasive Structure]] was used to help structure this persuasive text

---
Immanuel - Term 1 English Assessment 

[[Introduction]] - What do you think of our world right now? I personally hate the world as it is right now. There is so much racism going on right now. Police brutality, heavy discrimination against coloured people, people being stripped of their rights. This should stop now, and by the time you finish reading this, you will believe this as well. How would you feel if you were discriminated against, got beaten for your race, being stripped of your rights?

[[Police brutality against black people]] - There has been very severe mistreatment towards black people throughout the world. Martin Luther King has stated in his speech about the hard truth about police brutality towards black people. He has said “We can never be satisfied as long as the Negro is the victim of the unspeakable horrors of police brutality.” MLK talks about the horrors of police brutality targeted and directed towards black people. An example of recent police brutality was the George Floyd, who got brutally murdered by a white police officer on May 25th, 2020. He was pushed to the floor by a police officer, who thought he had a counterfeit $20 note, and he got put on the floor underneath a police car, with the officer’s knee over his neck. He couldn’t breathe properly, and the officer did not respond to his cries for help, which unfortunately led to his death. This is only one case of many that have happened and are still happening today. As MLK has said, we cannot be satisfied with what is happening to the black people.

[[Heavy discrimination against black people]] - Currently, there is heavy discrimination against black people, and it is happening while we all sleep peacefully. MLK mentions in his speech that there is severe injustice and that the black people are bound by the chains of discrimination. He says this when saying "One hundred years later, the life of the Negro is still sadly crippled by the manacles of segregation and the chains of discrimination." There are a lot of cases of discrimination against black people especially in America. Some examples of this are the ‘Karens’ that you hear a lot of stories about. There was a video that I saw, and this Karen told of this black man playing for basketball in a public area. She called him things like an animal, a monkey and other insults, just because of his skin colour. She told him to "go back to where he came from" and "people like you shouldn't live in this white neighbourhood". All this was said to a guy just trying to play the sport he loves, and this woman just goes and discriminates against him. How would you feel if this happened to you?

[[Being stripped of their rights in history]] - There have been many huge mistakes in history. One example of this was black slavery. African Americans were used as slaves, they were sold and brought by the white people. Martin Luther King brings out slavery multiple times in his speech. One of the examples was "This momentous decree came as a great beacon light of hope to millions of Negro slaves who had been seared in the flames of withering injustice." Back in the early 1700s and the early 1800s, buying African slaves were a completely normal thing. People bought the African Americans to use them for cotton farming. Everyone who was black was enslaved and put to work, completely disregarding their rights to freedom. They were stripped of their rights and enslaved all for cheap labour. There was a high rate of slavery during 1761-1810, over 300000 African slaves were brought to North America (USA). MLK says that "I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood." He wants everyone to be able to see each other as people, and respect one another no matter what background they have. He wants the slavery to be resolved, and everyone can just be normal, and to eliminate racism. How would you feel if you were taken completely out of your will to be worked to death by a slave owner? 

[[Conclusion]] - I know for sure that the world can start improving starting from now. Police brutality needs to end right now, discrimination against black people, and for the better part, discrimination against all cultures should end right now, and we must learn from our past mistakes in history, where we shouldn't do inhumane things to other human beings just because they look different from us. I have only said three points about this, but there are many more things we need to improve as humanity. I believe that Martin Luther King’s speech has a strong meaning, and more people need to know about it. Racism needs to end right now! Thank you.


[[Self Reflection]] - I personally chose to write about Martin Luther King Jr’s speech “I have a dream” because of how it talks about modern day issues with society. The speech talks about the horrible things that happen to the black people and the treatment that they got. He talks about how the black people got mistreated in the past, about how they were not seen as “normal” people. I used modern day and historical examples to further convey my point that black people were being discriminated against. I used examples like George Floyd, which was a fairly recent example of mistreatment and police brutality against black people. I also used another modern day example of the Karens that you hear stories about, and how they hold a prejudice against black people. I used the historical example of slavery as my final point just to close everything off because I opened the paragraph by bringing up how there were huge mistakes in history. I found the assessment slightly difficult due to the wide variety of texts that we could choose from, and what key points I should write about. There were a lot of things that I could write about for a lot of the texts. I also found it upsetting when researching about these examples that I used, the things that happened to black people in history and even now. Researching about this topic made me feel empathy for the people, so I said things like “How would you feel if you were…..” to make the reader feel empathy after reading the paragraph. I also found it slightly hard to put everything into words because of all the information I already had about this topic.